hi welcome to another edition of
naturally thin 360 TV I'm your host
Emily Talley and I'm here in Round Rock
Texas at the studio kitchen
I have Laura buzzes in with me today Coe
in our studio kitchen how are you today
Laura great Emily thanks great
I'm tell me a little bit about what is
studio keishon studio kitchen and what
makes it so unique well we've been doing
this about nine years and we have a
fully qualified commercial kitchen we
have chefs prepare very healthy
nutritious food or busy families we do
it in three portion containers and we
freeze everything and people buy from us
in bulk and put it in their freezers and
then take it out as that's needed during
the month so joy a help that's so
convenient so you have family-style
meals that people can just pull out and
stick right in their oven and then Bing
dinner's ready
absolutely yeah well that's really cool
so Laura and I have actually last week
got together and we're planning some new
menu items some really healthy choices
that are naturally fit system approved
and for those of you who are already on
the system or those who just are
interested in having a healthier
lifestyle and feeding your family some
pretty healthy nutritious meals Laura
and I worked really hard last week on
getting some stuff ready to go Laura
what do you think give us a sneak peak
of what to expect on that menu well we
have an herb roasted chicken which is a
big chicken that we stuff under the skin
with fresh sage and thyme and herbs we
put onions in it and carrots
and lemon and it makes up in your own
oven perfectly other thing we have is a
crock pot pot roast that's real easy
with fresh-cut carrots and vegetables we
have a lime Tripoli pork tenderloin
which is that's great that's just some
of the things that sounds delicious so
it takes all the prep work out of it for
you all you have to do is cook it and
it's ready to go
how do people get your food well there's
two different ways they can come to our
studio kitchen and pick up and we have
it all ready for you they can go online
in order or they can just walk in and
pick up we also deliver to the Greater
Austin area uh-huh
for both buh-bye it's free delivery and
then we also ship over if it's Road
trade overnight we can ship it to
anywhere in Texas so long as it gets
there to the next step wow that's super
convenient takes away all of the excuses
there you can get it delivered right to
your doorstep healthy meals
that's great Laura thanks healthy meals
for you and your family so Laura if you
want to know more about how to order
with the studio kitchen where can they
find you ww the studio kitchen com we're
here in Round Rock okay so that's WWE
studio kitchen com thank you so much for
having naturally fit out I'm really
excited about the new menu thank you for
joining us for another edition of
naturally fit 360 TV we'll see you next
time